https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4147651200/


The Woodland Trust requires a Business Intelligence Analyst to support organisational insight and reporting activity.



The Role: 

A key role in establishing a solid analytics platform across the business – ranging from the design, creation and implementation of insightful reporting to include automated dashboards in Power BI to build and develop insightful analysis to drive key business decisions.

The role offers an opportunity to witness and help to deliver a tangible impact for the world and the environment.
You will be joining an established team in a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary and ideas-driven environment.
There will be a particularly wide variety of data sets to work with as you contribute to all areas of the Trust's operation.
You will have the opportunity to steer reporting strategies.
You will be coming into a creative and proactive team with access to a wide variety of data sets with which to enhance your analysis.
More widely, the Trust has a welfare driven culture and the data operation is no exception.
You will be given the autonomy to explore ideas and perform your role in a way that reflects your personal way of working and you will also benefit from the support of the organisation and particularly your team.
This role includes a mix of working from home and at our main office in Grantham, Lincolnshire.


The Candidate: 

You have an enthusiasm for the environment and share our core values—Grow Together, Explore, Focus and Make it Count
You will be an experienced data professional who is driven by the satisfaction of making a difference and providing creative solutions across a wide variety of projects.
You will be comfortable in a dynamic environment with plenty of change. This change will be driven and underpinned by our expanding data sets.
The successful applicant will be passionate about conservation and technology and motivated to operate in the intersection between these two areas to produce an effective impact for the Trust's cause.
You will have an opportunity to communicate your passion for data and all it can do a wide variety of stakeholders across the Trust as you research their needs and how you can use your skills to support this.


Benefits & Wellbeing: Joining our team means you'll be a big part of tackling environmental and climate issues. We take good care of our staff, offering support and training opportunities. We also offer:

Enhanced Employer Pension
Life Assurance
Flexible & Hybrid Working Options
Generous Annual Leave
Enhanced Parental Pay
Employee Assistance Programme


About Us: The Woodland Trust is the UK's leading woodland conservation charity and is dedicated to creating a world where trees and woods thrive for both people and nature. Our mission involves engaging and inspiring individuals to contribute toward tackling the nature and climate crisis through the protection, restoration, and creation of essential woodland habitats.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion: To achieve our vision of a world where woods and trees thrive for people and nature, we need to better reflect society and the communities we work in. All people, no matter their background, identity, ability, or circumstance, should benefit from trees.

People of colour and disabled people are currently under-represented across the environment and conservation sector. If you identify as a person of colour and/or disabled, we particularly encourage you to apply.

Please contact us to discuss any additional support or adjustments you may need to complete your application.

Application Advice: For fairness we keep our candidates’ personal details hidden from the hiring managers, so they do not see your CV until shortlisting is completed.

Make sure that you answer the Application Questions to show your relevant skills and passion for the role.

Even if you don't meet every requirement of the role, we would encourage you to apply.

Apply Now: If you're ready to make a difference and grow with us, send in your application today. We might close the job opening early if we get a lot of applications, so it's a good idea to apply soon. If we do close the advert early, and you have an application in process, we will email you prior to closing to give you time to complete.

First stage interviews will be held via Microsoft Teams w/c 10th March 2025

Second stage interviews will be held on site at our Grantham office.