https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4105548057/?eBP=CwEAAAGUIrzaotn-SRE_rLt2emUDtTipIzSjA-k4aVZllXkqlYe3Xssvh2mLrdIaZjeqjXQHirAkhwtiA9Twl-J0H9JkJchgQK8br3effTub3rQIfZUqBOuDqme_0UxDgZc7oHv3wiXan-2zHj9zISdjU7IWpla8hRjB0vVc22-rJzyGZgt-xuJ1KD-fe9wrOI5n3BMYm_9AFrZADZFwY0kcLrR2OGv-TOWa7OeIH5uZbgjMJedjza6jMay0bNDAvyYnx_kgvpj5Mc1mKFZwISObgX_rk5H44QQM-KJYChNbD6pfHp3KcnwqEbjsIabBJi5_klSd866VI2Q7oPzx-78J2xkZTRmF10lQ509EuaK0xub9D1AylkKyDlaDQWQs0RH5PEaCiIcfbk-XZqx-BFDXobPLPFl2oZtvIHPQm4327TM01lmf-irvgBXz4Nu2XvoH2VmcVEprc686N2eiPY7F0YYRiMj2bFmX7-ml2A&refId=0AFgy%2FmiwDKzfp9PLFLAKg%3D%3D&trackingId=pv1zl25G%2BsM5O1wGbx578A%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

We’re recruiting for a Head of Business Intelligence (BI) in our newly formed Evidence and Impact team. In this role you will design and deliver a new reporting and analytics service that inspires communities, colleagues and policy makers. You’ll set the future direction for the Community Fund’s data practice and establish a simple and easy to use reporting suite that achieves widescale reach and engagement. 



You’ll lead work across the organisation to help us to grow our data maturity, so that reporting and insight becomes an integral part of every role. You’ll inspire your team to make it as easy as possible for everyone connected to the Community Fund’s work to get the day-to-day insight they need to make decisions and deliver projects.

The partnerships you develop externally will be equally important, as you work with other lottery distributors to better use data to connect those that play us with the positive difference it makes across the UK. 

Excellent leadership and people management skills will be required to excel in this role. Your ability to inspire and engage a technical team to achieve high performance will be second to none. You’ll also need to enjoy working across our organisation to help others to use data in pursuit of our 2030 ambitions and be a strong advocate for the role of automation and self-service. Every element of your day-to-day work will be guided by the needs of our users and your own strategic view of the data and BI architecture required to enable inspiring reporting and visualisation. You will forge strong partnerships with a wide range of colleagues in the UK-wide Evidence and Impact function and play a key role in our leadership team as we strive for ‘One Fund’ ways of working.

The Evidence and Impact team is a UK-wide function, meaning this role can be based in any of our offices. Some travel is expected to attend leadership meetings and connect with colleagues who are based in different locations of the country.

Interview Date: w/c 3rd February

Location: UK - We have a hybrid approach to working, work pattern and location will be agreed with the successful candidate. The role can be based at any of our UK offices, these are Belfast, Birmingham, Cardiff, Exeter, Glasgow, Leeds, London, Newcastle and Newtown.

On application, please align your supporting statement to the criteria below

Essential criteria

Passionate about data with demonstrable experience in delivering transformation in an organisation’s data maturity to drive business changes. 
Demonstrable experience of presenting data in easily accessible formats that can be used by non-data specialists to tell stories and inform policy.
Experience of technical leadership and management including in:
Data Warehousing that meets the needs of analysts.
Data Modelling to support applications and self-service analytics.
Dashboard, Reporting, and Visualisation development.
Expert in more than one of the following with appropriate professional qualification or CPD: data modelling, end to end data architecture, BI and visualisation, enterprise reporting services, ETLs and data pipelines, data management and governance.
Excellent people management experience with the ability to identify the skills the team needs now and in the future and to support our staff to continuously develop.
Desirable criteria

Educated to undergraduate level, or equivalent level of experience in a relevant discipline.
Experience in leading the provision of a managed services for reporting by building and strengthening user engagement with PowerBI across organisations.
Familiarity with functional standards for analysis or competency frameworks to build digital skills and in how they apply to the work of data teams.