https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4106723368/?eBP=CwEAAAGUWiTaalyNtpbvXY6zQOaubdROct8NWUYPjV_BUoseFCNP9DW-Sa4VJpzxWFHwTP61Nhv5pnuLlyXDdzbC6LG698Ywj2gRpkV3sVfgEndTKyYkaH72_yIYg1UNi8TnGjsM7W7M4_SRJ5OQOggANefE1z_Qguxz_wkSL2m07FZFkgh_3k4tUGfHvPRB69P_Eoh4eDgBFM6uhBwxuNYGXLjK1SEzTv0jwtAUXHzWMOsRwxHCGBWVZL460PCHJrF0StygGqvg678JQOVGAHjwNvS-bTLOmREKtqhaL9khd454yC5CzJpxkrW7q8OVe4JLAI6HMXxz1FSpT_XKt16UCg7Nw5iYwE3LK6BFxDqmk3W_42Gsx0zdTpykrBRUG2zjvPYX429Em9Yz00U_W9bmIlfiK7eL1AcpQLQY22pyx7ST5A&refId=NfS1X0yIT5sn4RJSYRL74w%3D%3D&trackingId=EnN0g1wxj39R6%2Fn%2BX9hhfg%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

Salary: £40,000 to £55,000 depending on experience

Location: Remote-first (Must be UK based)

Status: We're actively recruiting for this role



About the role

We’re looking for an experienced Data & Insights Analyst with extensive SQL knowledge and a passion for digital analytics.

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team, you'll tackle diverse challenges, analysing data from multiple sources to uncover insights that drive marketing effectiveness, enhance customer experiences, and improve business outcomes.

You will be responsible for the full lifecycle of analysis, including:

Collaborating with internal teams and client stakeholders to gather and clarify requirements
Preparing and combining data sources and applying the latest analytical techniques to create solutions
Designing intuitive dashboards and delivering compelling presentations that drive decisions and action
You'll thrive in this role if you're a confident communicator who can translate complex data into clear insights. Your strong scientific and statistical approach will be applied to a wide range of data sets, while your collaborative nature will make you invaluable to both our team and client partnerships.



Responsibilities

Ensure consistency in the delivery of analysis – while identifying opportunities to enhance insights.
Prepare and deliver regular analysis and reporting, including user behaviour, campaign performance, product analysis, attribution modelling, and competitor analysis.
Collaborate closely with stakeholders and team members to identify requirements and deliver tailored analytics solutions.
Maintain integrity in data reporting and interpretation
Evolve and adapt processes within the major client teams, learning from other members of the team and working together to streamline processes within the different workstreams.
Work closely with the implementation team to ensure the integrity of analytics data (e.g. implementation of measurement frameworks, data collection and reporting configurations).


Perks of the job

25 days a year holiday as standard plus Bank Holidays
Additional paid time off for our Christmas closure (usually 3 days)
Plus, an extra day off for your birthday!
Holiday buy-back scheme (up to 10 extra days).
Three charity days a year - to give back to a cause or initiative close to your heart.
Private healthcare, mental and financial wellness schemes.
The opportunity to earn an additional, certification-based bonus of up to £4k a year.
Super flexible working - tell us what you need, and we’ll do the same!
Plenty of socials, hackathons and opportunities to hang out with colleagues, if that’s your thing, both remote and IRL.
Being part of a fantastic team, doing great work and having a bit of fun along the way.


Must-Have Skills 

Experience with SQL, ideally on cloud-based platforms (e.g. BigQuery) with the ability to model data for advanced analysis.
Ability to join various data sources (in BigQuery, Sheets, Looker Studio etc.) to enable cross-functional reporting and analysis.
Ability to translate data into clear and concise reporting and manage the process end-to-end.
Passion for data and the confidence to communicate its technical implications effectively.
Desire to learn and take on projects that may require new processes or approaches.
Experience with one or more BI tools (Looker Studio, Tableau, Power BI etc).
Previous experience as a Digital or Marketing analyst or understanding of web data (Google Analytics experience would be a big plus!).


Nice-To-Have Skills

Experience in product analytics and experimentation.
Knowledge of Python.
Familiarity with advanced analysis techniques, including statistical methods and ML/AI.
Understanding of the wider Google Cloud toolset and capabilities.
Experience with Google Dataform or/and dbt.