https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4139331072/


We are the creative company that puts feeling first. We put feeling at the heart of every experience to unlock the emotional potential of brands for business advantage.



We have the hunger and energy of a start-up with the scale of best-in-class expertise from across our network. We are dedicated to making brands famous and giving them feeling, whilst making them easy to experience and buy into at every touchpoint.



We are a place packed with the energy and passion to make things happen, and are always on the lookout for brilliant new talent to join us on our journey.



We are an agency that believes firmly in respect, kindness, openness, self-expression, and creativity, making space for the lived and learned experiences of all our people and helping them to be the best they can be. We are intellectually curious about difference, embracing change for the better, and are committed to opposing injustice and constantly challenging the status quo within the agency and through the impact of our work. We recognise that diversity of thought strengthens our work and are committed to creating ever-diverse and inclusive working environments. 



We wholeheartedly believe great ideas can come from anywhere and that the best ideas come from everyone. We encourage candidates of all different backgrounds and identities to apply. Each new hire is an opportunity to bring different perspectives into the agency. In short, adam&eveDDB is committed to building an inclusive, supportive place for you to do the best and most rewarding work of your career.



A bit about the role



As a Junior Data & Insights Analyst within the Data & Insights team at adam&eveDDB, you will play a crucial role in transforming data into actionable insights. Day-to-day, you will be tasked with providing robust insight for strategy, working in parallel with strategists and helping to prove the effectiveness of campaigns.

No one day or job will look the same; neither will any question.

You will have a solid technical and logical mindset, but also the ability to communicate well, explain findings through stories, debate ideas and be a team player. Under the guidance of senior members of the team you will become adept at using data to answer strategic questions.



Responsibilities: 



Collect, process, and analyse data from various sources
Collaborate with strategy teams to provide data-driven insights that shape strategy.
Build relationships with strategists and account teams within the agency
Present findings and insights to internal teams and clients in a clear and compelling way.
Ensure deliverables are completed on time and learn to deliver quality presentations
Help out with data and insights on new business pitches
Help out with the data story behind awards papers


Skills & Experience



Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative subject (Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Natural Sciences) or Social Sciences, with heavy emphasis on quantitative methods.
Core analytical languages and software (Excel Required. SQL would be a bonus)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to translate data into actionable insights.
Good work ethic and capable of building good working relationships with clients as well as other team members.


Salary & Benefits 



Salary: Up to £30,000 based on experience



We believe that when you feel secure, feel supported, and feel reassured, you can bring your best self to work every day. Here is a summary of some of our benefits:



FEEL SECURE IN YOUR HEALTH - An onsite GP and Physio once a week. Access to medical and dental insurance through BUPA, health checks, virtual GP, second medical opinions, and nutrition advice. Gym discounts.



FEEL SUPPORTED - Access to free 1-1 counselling and therapy. Employee assistance programme, focused on mental health. Mental wellbeing apps. Advertising specific support.



FEEL REASSURED - Planning for the future with pension and life assurance. Access to mortgage advise. Travel loans to help your journeys. Financial support for the fun things.



FEEL EMPOWERED IN PARENTOOD - We offer an enhanced package for maternity, paternity and shared parental leave. 



Full details of our benefits will be provided when you join!