https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4104362125/?eBP=CwEAAAGT6LVvVtKdxUNtGX-XAdz0RkTbTSN6hR_kteKV2gzLtN_BC6S-JSEVTZ0D7QnR0JOc4uKVeGozC-VrVHrSkuhE8ozOQob5S9u2h8vCr3SirceyVF0_8hjU7fMNsHoRqZZTQqbrjlfT9gwSkf65ZO05SXNQ4JO4LIrRBeedPFtnw7bKdMMfrQqMw_Ofima645eEtRtCJUBAA6wmjS0ChUvNxlQlFnSwdmkQtVhatKBeii1zrFdWIs15zKPqTLKbmKtTtnYDUG8aq5uvM1mmPsz9F3OgekoFxOFXxi7dpB8fhBp-R0c8AAGs51a4ztg_xKZEgLNPLvXOlJ1_s9aKETY_vAv6A73EIoRGF2BSJIsc7giUH0B6vrPJ0Of9OdWEm4Nip8AbXU4FGKGWXDcwgI-_QD9ZrZV148DDIOzVybz8XjXJfgPPhVViZ5YFWerKfhw712kPzXJbLb7qqPXQb06-O_yjIfy2Jg&refId=5TULHrqg3RTVDl%2Fcgs66bw%3D%3D&trackingId=fxWxfzsFeveXmG2W6pFD%2Bg%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

Do you have a knack for uncovering game-changing insights from complex data? Do you excel at building strong client relationships and transforming numbers into compelling stories and client presentations that drive customer behavior for global brands? If so, seize this opportunity to make a significant impact as a Performance Intelligence Consultant at VML MAP!

What will your day look like?

As a Performance Intelligence Consultant, you'll be at the forefront of insight extraction from our clients' marketing data, playing a vital role in understanding client priorities and objectives. With a foundational understanding of user experience, a strong grasp of data and analytical approaches and a flair for consultancy, you’ll be the bridge between data insights and strategic decision-making. You can expect to take part in conducting detailed data analysis to identify performance trends, designing and executing A/B tests and analyzing the results to provide optimization recommendations. However, your main focus will be on extracting insights rather than on in-depth data processing. Therefore, you’ll play a key role in preparing impactful client presentations as well as managing client relationships.

More Specifically, Your Tasks Include

Extracting and interpreting data insights to identify performance trends and opportunities.
Preparing and presenting client-focused reports and presentations, with a strong emphasis on storytelling and clarity.
Maintaining and updating performance dashboards and analytics tools.
Collaborating with various teams to ensure insights are effectively communicated and implemented.
Designing, executing and analyzing A/B tests to identify the most effective strategies and tactics.
Approaching all tasks with curiosity and open-mindedness, constantly striving to uncover further insights from the available data. 

Who are you going to work with?

You'll join our growing Insights and Intelligence team, reporting to the Performance Intelligence Lead. You'll work closely with various teams, especially data and analytics specialists, and be the bridge between client and technical teams.

What do you bring to the table?

We're looking for individuals with a strategic outlook and a passion for both data and client engagement. You're not just comfortable with numbers; you're adept at translating them into narratives that resonate with both technical and non-technical audiences. Your expertise in preparing and delivering client presentations will be instrumental in driving improvements and delivering actionable insights that enhance our clients' strategies.

In Addition You Have

 A strong understanding of marketing performance metrics such as open-rates, click through rates and journey data and experience analyzing campaign performance across digital channels. 
Ideally experience and an agency or consultancy setting. 
Experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI and Tableau. Knowledge of SQL for data manipulation and analysis is beneficial but not essential.
Proficiency in Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel, including advanced functions and data manipulation.
An ability to translate complex data into understandable insights for non-technical audiences.
Experience in preparing presentations using PowerPoint, ensuring they are visually strong, engaging, and tailored to effectively communicate key insights and recommendations.
Experience in presenting findings and recommendations to clients and/or senior stakeholders.
Skills in managing expectations and building trust with clients and internal teams.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment with an open mind.
Understanding of A/B testing methodologies and tools. 

A leader in personalized customer experiences

VML MAP is a world-leading Centre of Excellence that helps businesses humanize the relationship between the brand and the customer through hyper personalization at scale, marketing automation and CRM. With the brain of a consultancy, the heart of an agency and the power of technology and data, we work with some of the world's most admired brands to help them on their transformation journey to becoming truly customer-centric. Together, we are 1000 + technology specialists, data scientists, strategic thinkers, consultants, operations experts, and creative minds from 55+ nationalities.

A global network

We are part of the global VML network that encompasses more than 30,000 employees across 150+ offices in 60+ markets, each contributing to a culture that values connection, belonging, and the power of differences.

At VML, we are committed to fostering an all-inclusive work environment that is both rewarding and career-forward. Our Inclusion, Equity & Belonging initiatives, alongside the VML Foundation, reflect our dedication to giving back and making a positive impact in our communities and beyond. Our people are the heartbeat of our organization—creators, doers, innovators, makers, and thinkers—who drive not just marketing, but meaningful experiences that resonate in every action and interaction.

For more information, please visit our website , and follow us on our social channels via Instagram and LinkedIn .

When you click "Submit Application" your information is sent to VML MAP. To learn more about how we process your personal data when you apply for a role with us, how you can update your information, or have your information removed, please read our Privacy Policy . California residents should read our California Recruitment Privacy Notice .