https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4139943493/

Company Description/ Business Unit

Job Title: Pricing Analyst

Location: Basingstoke – Hybrid – Two Days In Office

Employment Type: Full-Time/ Permanent

Salary: Up-to £45,000 and up-to 10% Bonus

Hours: Monday - Friday

AA Summary

Assuming The AA is just about roadside help? There’s more to us than meets the eye.

The AA is one of the UK’s most well-known and trusted brands. We provide a range of services to millions of customers, from roadside assistance, financial services to insurance and driving lessons. Our mission is to help keep Britain moving, and we’re looking for dedicated individuals to join our team. Are you ready to join?

This is the job

The role involves conducting pricing, pricing development, and monitoring activities to support the pricing strategies for AA Motor and Home Insurance panel.

What will I be doing?

Undertaking competitor, portfolio and ad-hoc analyses, allowing for trends and modelling future scenarios, and ensuring statistical validity of output.
Support the design, build, and maintenance of robust pricing systems, and models, delivering high-quality pricing analyses in line with market best practices
Working closely with the Panel Management teams to develop analysis, insight and MI and data in order to profitably grow insurer portfolios.
Conducting analyses to support business cases and financial modelling.
Ensuring high quality of all analyses, with efficient data extraction and cleansing, timely reporting and appropriate explanation and commentary.
Collaborate closely with the Business Readiness Test Team, Digital Team, and IT teams to act as a business interface, ensuring the interests of the business are represented.

What do I need?

Practical experience and understanding of the UK personal lines market, either at an insurance broker or insurer. (Desirable but not essential)
Analytical experience in a data-rich Financial Services environment, with proficiency in analytical tools.
Practical experience and understanding of financial modelling and business case construction.
Proven programming and modelling skills, ideally in Radar, Emblem, SQL, SAS, Python, R etc.
Ability to communicate complex issues clearly.
Capability to develop and implement change.

Additional information

Benefits

We’re always looking to recognise and reward our employees for the work they do. As a valued member of The AA team, you’ll have access to a range of benefits including:

25 days annual leave plus bank holidays + holiday buying scheme
Worksave pension scheme with up to 7% employer contribution
Free AA breakdown membership from Day 1 plus 50% discount for family and friends
Discounts on AA products including car and home insurance
Employee discount scheme that gives you access to a car salary sacrifice scheme plus great discounts on healthcare, shopping, holidays and more
Company funded life assurance
Diverse learning and development opportunities to support you to progress in your career
Dedicated Employee Assistance Programme and a 24/7 remote GP service for you and your family

Plus, so much more!

We’re an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from everyone. The AA values diversity and the difference this brings to our culture and our customers. We actively seek people from diverse backgrounds to join us and become part of an inclusive company where you can be yourself, be empowered to be your best and feel like you truly belong. We have five communities to bring together people with shared characteristics and backgrounds and drive positive change.