https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4098448253/?eBP=CwEAAAGT6LjF0B4H5V_1cKUCbCoSi3lUVghzGrp7A1Z78EmreE6auemcFWEuk5Ey3ltuthGLYH-t5P7jGQS4xLU_RGabOZ-NGLz0WFYg49qVzBoNGeib0y8V0gP2mJP2OVOP5odhsN73etAYBplCgpSz5qCTS5hwyU9IFqRM_Q4KLBwJKcBxggygjpieCK_X-oqxLmIT4d3TBqOTQbczMCQup0MeM5nPvcHAlVZ4qT4NLtcEEfA2XsH-onzCoKaNgARG395o2iaJjRWA5P0U_B75qiQCP3-UUeZioJT0sqW8FYpJZl1X8nlsu3hXVJTZYGXDtRmoJLvyC8Jy7zSmowpFdTmIciZDDugbxwEl0jorTLMG5fmepIounLblKj-a_6eM8XnehxnQfx-Am2MbwC_vhYBx265SAtfID4czLQ9eMwAEGWnPciKKpKbxWAQZLNzbbs837qjw33EcVuJ3XPWKmavW33ZLLWlNuM1h-AlPg5oAg6yEAfM&refId=zV67J%2Fr4%2BmKYyAb%2BnA24og%3D%3D&trackingId=Nu3wl1XF3mtEJuX4qWvrAA%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

About Auto Trader

You’ve probably heard of Auto Trader, but do you know what we’re all about?

We’re the UK’s leading automotive marketplace, a heritage brand, and a tech darling of the stock market. We bring together vehicle buyers and sellers to give them real choices. Cars may be what we're best known for but we’re also the place for pretty much everything else on wheels, from e-bikes to caravans.

In the automotive world, change is a constant, that’s why we take our job of untangling the complex car-buying journey very seriously.

At our core, we’re all about people. We go our own way while embracing diversity and celebrating our differences. We dedicate ourselves to the idea that we work better together.

Auto Trader is a beautiful, surprising and vibrant place to work. We might not be for everyone, but we could be perfect for you.

About The Role

Join our Analytics Group, an integral part of Auto Trader’s Product and Tech community. As a Principal Data Analyst, you’ll lead the development of innovative, data-driven strategies that enhance our market-leading digital products and services, collaborating with talented multidisciplinary squads.

At Auto Trader, our Leadership Team has a clear strategy that prioritises our core business of being the best online advertising service in the UK, that our approach is to build a data and technology platform that underpins the automotive industry.

In this role, you’ll shape analytical roadmaps for cross-functional teams, enhancing products like personalised search and recommendation engines. You’ll champion data-driven decision-making, mentor analysts to deliver impactful solutions and work closely with teams to embed machine learning and data science tools seamlessly.

Beyond your technical leadership, you’ll play a key role in developing our analytics capabilities. This includes line managing other Data Analysts, coaching and skill-sharing, and identifying opportunities to train colleagues across the business in analytics areas like data modelling and statistics.

Discover more about our Analytics Community in our blog and explore how we use analytics and machine learning in our Engineering Blog.

We’re not just an online platform for buying and selling cars—we’re a tech-driven company where your expertise will make a meaningful impact. With a culture of learning, technical workshops, and a collaborative environment, you’ll thrive and help grow our team of 35+ analysts and scientists.

What We're Looking For

We are looking to grow our diverse team of curious data analysts. In your application you should demonstrate:

A deep understanding of how data should be used to answer business questions, including how it is collected, transformed, scheduled and monitored
Experience in identifying where and how statistics and machine learning should be applied to business problems 
Analytical expertise to embed best practices and develop a business-wide culture of making decisions and products led by science.
Experience orchestrating projects and roadmaps in agile cross-functional teams
Expertise in the many facets of data analytics, particularly statistical inference and modelling, data modelling, programming (e.g. Python, R), storytelling and critical thinking
Familiarity with data science methods, such as machine learning
Confidence developing analysts at all career stages career and fostering a collaborative environment where they can thrive
Experience as a Senior or Principal Data Analyst (or similar role) in a commercial environment

It would also be beneficial (but not essential) if you have:

Experience with our technology stack
Experience managing or developing Data Analysts

Benefits And More

We’re offering a salary of £60,000 – £80,000, plus an additional 10% of your salary awarded to you in shares each year. These awarded shares will become yours in yearly installments over the next three years, and you can choose to either sell them or keep them as shares. And you'll receive 29 days holiday, plus bank holidays and comprehensive private medical cover.

That’s not all. We have employee pension contributions up to 7%, enhanced family leave provisions, a car salary sacrifice scheme, share-save options, and much more.

We always want to give you the support you need and help prioritise your wellbeing, that’s why we provide access to 24/7 online GP and dentist, as well as specialist support for assisted fertility, gender dysphoria, menopause, period care plans and lots more.

On top of all that, our hybrid model, Connected Working, combines the best of both worlds – office and home working. You’ll have two fixed weekly office days for team collaboration and one more of your choice to suit your work-life balance.

Additionally, during July and August, along with two weeks in December, we have our remote first periods. During these times, you can work remotely, whether that's from another location in the UK or even from certain locations abroad.