https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4079660775/?eBP=CwEAAAGT6LuuKK3sbt-STHMJZs_W6bfhmdyuFXz_Ki6U5uVIdgxqlCEPiflXzL2ID2QYGKBdE2ldgeF7cFhIp9ofaGQ2rdrNX0v_irB-nkvTLUJpEBY0bsK-hCjdd9X2qbzPO84a0yITq14eJENSkchIY8ietnJ-HlRRcMcpw1TEHJN6BOK0rnJtub619B-vtLuSNT6fdibxJDDcsuThi4bIXtBIm5shD5KV5quOJjN6SmBuu7REOOKnCR3VPMvGQdbZd6HJbVU1Pv41VnxHRs-AstngjcceXKZhMAGnYKbOnrL92NMB_Yd6BAVzjg9D1Bcbc5sigVmiaGVAHEsBGBIv_Yb-om2TdPtJB4TUJ4oZQO_q1Gx1KdkXg1jk1iREzEdYKtxFZdtWPM13GCkxvw63PKqCjGZUjDQlEc_-yoQBy2xBj0TY4KzCWCpLS--rrttQil4y2BUWB4PtQ2Mcivc5XYYMAFfO-0vRPWF5so4Et1k&refId=9hwa7Rx8H%2BlbGXD4Ry18BA%3D%3D&trackingId=PA1h4jL%2FZRUN8FGx0xMslA%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

Quantitative Researcher, PhD (2025)

London



Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.



Aquatic develops systematic investment strategies, enabled by a leading-edge research and development platform. The vision is simple: to build a world class, quantitative trading company with a collaborative team of highly capable researchers and engineers.



As a Quantitative Researcher, you will work with a team to develop a variety of signals, models, and strategies for trading financial markets. As part of the role, you will be responsible for the design and implementation of various components of our research system, and you will evaluate their effectiveness by using rigorous statistical methods. As part of a small team with exposure to multiple areas of research, you will have the opportunity to rapidly grow your knowledge of quantitative finance.



Candidate requirements:

Active PhD graduates or Postdocs pursuing a degree in mathematics, statistics, machine learning, physics, computer science, or other scientific discipline
Exceptional mathematical, analytical, and problem-solving ability
Programming proficiency in Python or C++
Experience in solving data-intensive problems a plus
Demonstrated ability to complete statistical or applied mathematical research a plus
Successful participation in mathematical competitions a plus e.g., IMO, Putnam
Prior experience in a quantitative role within a trading environment a plus


Desired qualities: 

Intellectually curious, creative, and rigorous
Willingness to challenge assumptions and revise opinions in the face of compelling evidence
Self-motivated and highly productive, with a strong sense of urgency and accountability
Willing to take ownership of one’s work, working both independently and within a small team
Meticulous attention to detail
Ability to manage and prioritize multiple threads of work
Able to work across disciplines
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Comfortable providing and receiving actionable feedback in a collaborative team setting


Benefits:

Benefits: Fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life & disability insurance
Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events
Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing
Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves


The base salary for this role is anticipated to be between $150,000 and $200,000, which is based on information at the time of posting. This position may also be eligible for additional forms of compensation, such as a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Discretionary bonus can be a significant portion of total compensation. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their unique skills, qualifications and relevant experience.



Aquatic Capital 

This role represents a unique opportunity to join a quantitative investment manager at the foundational level of building a world class operation from scratch. The firm’s culture will be shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination.

Aquatic is a proud equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.