Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4086419413/?eBP=CwEAAAGTkzEyXlwGarrH1ta_C8MrLlrbzpXhk0wiGoi5T-TCxDh40mKVfdoQoM4Os2-19swQl6AZAyBD3aOi0Dtk3LD0Od3wRH010UfVOuP5kGvQTvUH-Gv7dtN7T7y8xI2ads0v4_XO24r_ilixKvoIEwnzenOjy3FP4QDhYkeU0oNWlqgvhxWE-h6jr2ElcO2S6uw8OddKmQhROrzAUkgRHO9-u2kqTPQhloKAXk6wvkMsYZ-RWCUJpKRFMdbrWpkFiYPozItVAoOp4dTJB-w2_i7h897bOLt0jV3YlGOegJtZ1F-cyV49cIw_EtZ1G2eMi5uzI9W7I9O3H1Tk-NhCtZstjdsKgRjVQfvWCfX-Vfcvbi3je-MeyVQyGTzYpwzLROymIVN9YNe36rRGs2DQk_4tZ1wJbTdB1-ghZyzJupEoboujU5zZ7KeC_vzuCdm_sMvn7Vb4&refId=yg7Cs3A%2B63SUPwkR7HIBOw%3D%3D&trackingId=fb9tgRHdEFNTOm%2BbIYHe9Q%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii
Title: Senior Insights Analyst
Company: Virgin Money

Location:
Workmode: Remote

Hours: Full-time
Contract: Permanent
Salary: 36800-46000

Skills: Microsoft Excel, Data Governance, DAX, Analytical Skills, Compliance Management, Data Models, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Data Modeling, Microsoft Power BI, Visual Analytics

Description:
Our Team❤️

Though the inclusive team you will be joining is full of eccentricities and laughter, we’re an ambitious bunch who strive to deliver a first-class service to our customers and stakeholders. We are systems and data wizards who aim to delight our colleagues with our individual mix of curiosity, pioneering ideas and super straightforward efficiency.



What you’ll be doing😎

Working as a team to facilitate Virgin Money’s vision and ambitions around People data, enabling HR and the Bank to become truly data centric
Gathering the requirements of senior stakeholders, to create actionable insights which support strategic, data driven, decision making
Communicating the ‘So What?’ of data through engaging visual insights and analytics, compelling data storytelling and a thorough understanding of People data
Collaborating with a range of teams throughout Virgin Money, developing and adopting new technology and tools
A trusted SME on People data - demonstrating insatiable curiosity and creativity to delight partners and stakeholders
A continuous improvement enthusiast in the delivery of key MI, identifying opportunities for automation, direct access, system optimisation and enhanced efficiency wherever possible
Researching best practice in data and the use of external benchmarking to inform KPIs, collaborating with other analytical teams to build on expertise
Ensuring robust data management and GDPR/compliance, with a focus on privacy by design, and being an ambassador for the security and safe handling of all colleague data.
Building productive and impactful relationships with colleagues, partners and stakeholders which result in high quality deliverables
Working within a team of skilled Insights Analysts, being comfortable sharing knowledge and ideas and also busy, diverse workloads.


We need you to have🌟

A keen knowledge and understanding of People data and metrics
Significant experience of producing data insights, analytics and data modelling
A solid working knowledge of Power BI
The proven ability to bring insights to life through visual analytics and data storytelling
Expertise in extracting and analysing data from a range of data sources into key People insights for a range of stakeholders which enable actionable outcomes
Experience of, and an interest in, more sophisticated insights such as predictive and sentiment analytics
Knowledge and familiarity of GDPR, the strict confidentiality of People data, and working within data governance and compliance frameworks for all systems and data activities
Considerable knowledge of Microsoft Excel to manipulate, analyse and interrogate data.


It’s a bonus if you have but not essential🧁

Skilled in programming languages such as SQL or DAX
Experience of working within a regulated environment.


Red Hot Rewards🔥🎁

Generous holidays - 38.5 days annual leave (including bank holidays and prorated if part-time) plus the option to buy more.
Up to five extra paid well-being days per year.
20 weeks paid, gender-neutral family leave (52 weeks in total) for expectant parents and those looking to adopt.
Market-leading pension.
Free private medical cover, income protection and life assurance.
Flexible benefits include Cycle to Work, wellness and health assessments, and critical illness.


And there's no waiting around, you'll enjoy these benefits from day one.



Feeling insatiably curious about this role? If we’re lucky to receive a lot of interest, we may close the advert early and would hate you to miss out. Please note our aim is to carry out interviews in January 2025 for this role.



We're all about helping you Live a Life More Virgin, so happy to talk flexible working with you🤝.



🕕Applications Close: 11 Dec 2024 (11.55pm GMT)