https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4138043050/

Senior Insights Analyst - Healthcare/Healthtech - Remote - £55-60,000



Scalexperts are partnered with a SaaS business who have a platform that helps organisations optimise their spend. They do this by reviewing spend and procurement data, and making recommendations on how the business can spend money more effectively in the long term. Due to their continued success & growth, this has led to vast amounts of data being shared by their partners which means there is the opportunity to uncover more insights and deliver more value.



They are looking for a Senior Analyst to play a big part in shaping the future of their Data & Insights team. This will be through working with the existing analysts in the team to help improve their skills and performance, and also having say over technical direction and the implementation of new tools/technologies. Day-to-day, the role will involve engaging proactively with the customers, sharing new opportunities and a new approach to their data. What will make someone successful in this role is the drive to deliver value through data, and a real knack for problem solving. Experience of working with large and complex datasets in Excel is essential, and experience of working with procurement or spend data will be highly advantageous. Any experience with other tools such as python or similar will be useful as they are open to implementing new tools throughout this year.



Key Skills & Experience Required:

4+ years in an analytical role, working with vast and complex data sets
Experience within procurement/supply chain, or ecommerce/retail would be advantageous
Has worked in a role that involved mentoring or managing more junior anaylsts day-to-day
Excellent at problem solving
Excellent Excel skills
Experience with other tools such as Python, Snowflake etc.
Possess good initiative, able to work with vague/ambiguous information
Ability to create analysis for clients and confident in presenting findings


The team meet up in London once every month and work remotely for the remainder of the time.