https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4104162518/?eBP=CwEAAAGT6Lg3MG3WmdjgbzId8qHmM3WE9yLUK9jXhpyr8P0nVWha8O-U0-MnG6OkMXvXyRMHJ4EroJWLAQhfDPoktmG_hgOxmMtxUGxulQo3wkgQqxJWmg-MhHDifgx4EDiziBIYLCPIUnO1vulg4UsQ1tNAAPJQss5FrE_bsi42i3IPlUbhs1962m6WOfAWwazk_7iOY1ZpsgMbdxskhYTfkH56xuR_A8F6OVeRiKx7X_HQswvD8m_3S17OQhiDJJJ_nvwLuQGwy-HNumZLLSkOlpP94aI5QPxwlkMe1kfMJgKehWYFM4Bnc0nNZu0fhjY2MFXcKpMVCYhyfmzjA7jq_PqiZ2TdiiGFcZzoUDECkcmdwKkujGDtV35_yjcPDzFIjZ-N0gXrf25r8C89apd884qhc4niCKSr2zr4CWttFygUWaAMmWIh0SWpQy2mcbs_1rF0IHsOXqKpqRtdrRm7C78QcXC_SX7OkPV_aYs62--OtA&refId=W82WA9oiKdn9%2F9IqjzVYlg%3D%3D&trackingId=LONmhCcOTUO0pbaBds4sPg%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

Who are Inference Group?



Are you excited by being a part of a company that’s redefining the future of data and AI? Welcome to Inference Group, where we’re not just a tech startup – we’re a team of passionate innovators devoted to empowering businesses through the transformative power of data, machine learning, and AI.



At Inference Group, we’re on a mission to help businesses unlock their true potential and drive sustainable growth. As we rapidly expand, we’re looking for like-minded, creative technical experts who want to make a real impact. Here, you’ll work alongside leading experts in data, AI, and technology - helping to guide our customers in harnessing the full potential of their data.



Join us, and you’ll be at the forefront of the data and AI revolution. You’ll have the opportunity to turn cutting-edge concepts into scalable, operational solutions that enhance human creativity and decision-making. Our team is committed to delivering innovative analytical solutions to customers worldwide, helping them navigate and thrive in an AI-driven world.



If you’re a driven person with a love of life long learning, who is naturally curious and eager to contribute to the early stages of a dynamic consultancy, we would love to have you on board! As a team, we will explore the limitless opportunities of data and AI, driving excellence and having a lot of fun along the way. 



We are seeking a well-versed and motivated Business Analyst with strong experience in utilising Microsoft products such as Power BI to deliver a wide variety of intricate, challenging and innovative technical projects. You will play a crucial role in supporting our customers' objectives by providing qualified advice and guidance, this will involve aligning with key stakeholders, including IT, security teams, business units, and compliance officers, to truly understand business and customer needs including focus areas such as cybersecurity. 



This role will involve diligent requirements gathering and undertaking evaluation activities to ensure clear, aligned requirements are documented, while spearheading on all process mapping and process improvement / optimisation activities to support solution evaluation and recommendations. 



We are excited about working with someone who loves tech and can’t wait to learn more about projects, systems and data, who can thrive in different circumstances and enjoys the obstacles of working on involved and varied projects, driving success by having the empathy to succeed in a consultancy role while thinking things through and coming up with solutions together with a close and supportive team. 



The ideal candidate for this role will be excited by questioning existing ways of working, able to recognise opportunities and identify innovative solutions that add real value to our customers, with an excellent analytical approach who is well versed in assessing convoluted issues and developing creative ideas to resolve problems. 



Working at Inference Group



We are a young, small company experiencing exciting growth and we are devoted to hire people at this stage who will be future leaders within our business. We are committed to your ongoing learning and development and love working with curious, life long learners - we have access to the latest technology and will provide training in these and certifications to help you grow and succeed. As AI is constantly changing and evolving, we make a promise to our customers that we foster a culture of excellent people who have the most up to date training, knowledge and experience to help deliver innovative solutions. 



If you like our mission and connect with our values, we encourage you to apply.