https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4082153005/?eBP=CwEAAAGT6LRj0wTmHdnvJ6LbYS8sq5TIFpAd6Yn3YVte_YqGnO1ZhJcCFHwV6ICMHTmFeI5V7nobaB3YXo0KluPEIT5NwwmSyA0m8_Dj9KiebKYTj4m6gUPaw4clI1G22sAoyOQfaNBdJV6lEMwE_38xvrLy2IJJpowRTK2G3kiyXUVKyN8boiJmF3K5IdU_jQBWKRb2QuiocV2fgaSXRINGAVHFsl9xHaG2_6vZGLq8P62LKUepr4NDBALZ4sIJnkX8IiwPK9jqBhFH9Uzef2lonnWe-xGLhXBSJWB1ScxlUDLk4M1zxP_KBjjSX3w8Ej6qEssNcBCosjKgZ-k7_D-hlEzPjof58k6cI9Zje4EeloALgiVXPa9g6dieLOtdRvAB6l6fsf_wdLkOLdEssh4m-llIfPW5GNVFrS6IGwkjnRDJ4CcNcztxk-NknLdfiYto3K5j6ZFVy7_dXB0UW9ZGsCkfWKS3rrwYBzKQoIjL&refId=fYjGAa28TtMB1kmL6SkrTw%3D%3D&trackingId=A4EtSfrV9pMoYVPcs8numg%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

At Curve Analytics, we are a next-gen insights and analytics consultancy that leverages digital consumer data to help businesses unlock consumer opportunities. We work with data from a range of sources - from Social, Reviews and Search to Web, eCommerce and CRM - to deliver meaningful insights and leading analytics solutions for the world’s biggest brands.

We work across a wide range of areas, including: 



Consumer and Category Insights: unearthing fresh consumer and category insights such as needs, perceptions, trends and audience segments
Product Innovation: uncovering consumer expectations and desires for product and product experience
Brand Health and Strategy: unleashing the power of digital data to optimise the brand portfolio and monitor, benchmark and improve brand health
Marketing and Consumer Experience: delivering data-driven solutions to inform marketing strategy and campaign activation 
Digital Performance Tracking: showcasing the metrics that matter through reports and dashboards to enable fast and accurate decision making 
Data and AI: pushing the boundaries with digital data, technology and AI solutions to give our clients a competitive advantage  


As a start-up, we can move faster than most companies and do things differently. We have experienced rapid growth so far and we’re looking for a Senior Consultant to join our growing team.



About the role:

You will join our Insights and Analytics Consulting Practice and work in close partnership with our Technology team. As a Senior Consultant in our team, you’ll be leading client projects, developing leadership and coaching skills, and driving our growth through business development activities.



Beyond client work, you will play a key part in shaping the future of our fast-growing start-up. You will have the chance to get involved with internal workstreams such as marketing, sales, culture and socials, and capability development.



What you’ll be doing:

Responsible for the project management and delivery of analytics and insights projects
Working as part of a cross-functional team, e.g. with Data Science and Data Engineering colleagues, to design and deliver solutions
Bridging technical expertise with business requirements to scope solutions for clients
Applying critical and analytical thinking to problems to identify solutions
Analysing data to uncover stories and effectively presenting findings
Visualising data and developing compelling client presentations
Communicating findings to stakeholders, including senior audiences
Managing, coaching, and empowering team members


What we’re looking for:

4-5 years within Consulting
Capability depth and breadth - with experience in digital, data and insights
Experience utilising digital data tools (e.g., social listening tools, search keyword tools, web traffic tools, etc.) would be a bonus
Proven track record of project management and delivery
Demonstrable skills in stakeholder management, communication and teamwork
Strong analytics skills with attention to detail
Commercial acumen and the ability to think strategically about problems


Benefits:

Competitive Salary: We offer a competitive salary, that reflects your talent and expertise in accordance with industry standards. We also conduct quarterly pay reviews throughout the year.
Annual Leave: 25 days holiday a year plus bank holidays.
Annual Bonus: Our Annual Bonus is based on company and individual performance.
Generous Pension: You can expect to receive a generous 8% employers’ pension contribution.
Health and Wellbeing: Access our Cycle to Work Scheme and prioritise your health with our comprehensive AXA Private Healthcare Plan and 24/7 Employee Assistance Programme. You will also be assigned a dedicated People Manager for confidential discussions about your work life.
Cycle to Work Schemes: Save on the cost of a brand new bike through the C2W scheme, and have access to monthly minutes with Forest e-bikes.
Hybrid Working: Split your time between working remotely and from our London HQ.
Growth and Development: Development is at the heart of everything we do. You will be able to create a Personalised Growth Plan and get involved in our internal trainings. You will also get a yearly individual learning budget for training, books, courses, certifications, and conferences.
Vibrant Company Culture: Be part of a dynamic company culture with frequent team activities, company events and socials that foster a strong sense of community among our diverse team.


Curve is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We do not discriminate on the basis of disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. If you require any reasonable adjustments to be made during the recruitment process then please don’t hesitate to let us know.