https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4099393361/?eBP=CwEAAAGT6LVvVmGv989uaWQhUTtBoK0726RwZH5g9aP1Wpioh1YF0d7MU0e4UvR4Z1zw5YU4O2K9KGvYQMT0XK1C0jp19Ze4BZ3QeL0o1E_RnIBU79cyO_xv_iOJMA1S3dXxa9V2OILAUls_W9rSKdaNOX4z8XdqJKyEFvrcJXGLdzVTMajyY1ztyG2PO-ISCadsI-1ZCtKtPpUBZypUSC2UDiYrmIWLXDaZ-R4GFeokb9GlfeqnrxeWv3PZ1k2iKf7AgwWY7iCyRUMTsvLRkhIhzn0v_kMlvDHjOtYF_nvm7m8zHorG3gyew4siglGQrCicxXzxZKCRuWtRtQWUX2Ven8Qei23A_xNtni4G_OvNI4H0nAwYVWF2KbxDLqMy4--Vq3boaLUoNrA-IC0w9Z2jYBJHsAavSn556KUNHb7RNTQypNrDG-f21taO3UBvvc36VpreRjV4eHlRZYAh_c5KxuHzCHhvuGZS4zv93dY0lDU&refId=5TULHrqg3RTVDl%2Fcgs66bw%3D%3D&trackingId=pi3xyllGx7JGtCF7HFOhqw%3D%3D&trk=flagship3_jobs_discovery_jymbii

What are we building? 

Hard Rock Digital is a team focused on becoming the best online sportsbook, casino, and social casino company in the world. We’re building a team that resonates passion for learning, operating and building new products and technologies for millions of consumers. We care about each customer's interaction, experience, behavior, and insight and strive to ensure we’re always acting authentically.



Rooted in the kindred spirits of Hard Rock and the Seminole Tribe of Florida, the new Hard Rock Digital taps a brand known the world over as the leader in gaming, entertainment, and hospitality. We’re taking that foundation of success and bringing it to the digital space — ready to join us?



What’s the position?

Hard Rock Digital is looking for a Research Analyst / Associate Insights Manager to join their newly created Consumer Insights team. Our role is to contribute to the foundational education, development and execution of marketing, brand & business strategies that build awareness, adoption and favorability among existing and potential customers for our Sportsbook & Casino business in North America. You will be a key contributor on a team that drives research and insights projects, with a focus on consumer, brand and competitive learnings. You will help the Head of the team uncover Hard Rock Digital’s needs and drivers of its current, lapsed, and prospective players, to intelligently extract positioning, product, media, and promotional insights from our competitive landscape, and to support the evaluation of our brand’s health with continuous advocacy for improvement. You should be a self-starter with an ambitious drive to help facilitate quantitative and qualitative insights research methodologies.



Attention to detail and strong program management skills are also critical. To be successful in this role, you need to thrive in a fast-paced, have good organisation skills to manage multiple requests at the time, and partner with multiple stakeholders. The ideal candidate will be a collaborative team player, with the ability to think both creatively as well as with a results-focused mindset. Lastly, you should be intellectually curious, yet grounded in audience narratives and be passionate about consumer behaviour, the rapidly evolving competitive landscape, and sports betting culture. You'll be seen as a core resource to help the company deeply understand our target audiences’ everyday challenges and work cross-functionally to shape effective and engaging marketing content, workback timelines, execution, and measurement. Ultimately, you will contribute to building, growing, and expanding the best brand in gambling.



What are we looking for?

The role reports to the Sr Insights Manager, Brand Strategy & Insights.

Contribute to building and managing the necessary insights tools and processes end-to-end that will help inform Hard Rock Digital’s business strategies
Leverage first and third-party data to measure holistic brand impact of specific cross-channel activations with target audiences
Drive ongoing socialization of brand and competitive insights, and partner with stakeholders (primarily across Marketing verticals), to distill findings into opportunities for real-time optimization
Conduct meta-analyses to explore strategic questions related to brand impact and the metrics that matter
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, such as Trading BI, Product, Operations, Product Marketing and more, and serve as a supporting POC for all things brand, player, and competitive insights, along with measurement requests
Support potential vendor/agency relationships, including reviewing deliverable reports with thoughtful, clear feedback
Remote Position working EST time zone hours


The ideal candidate will have: 

Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business Administration, Psychology, or related field
4+ years of proven professional consumer insights, marketing research, market research or marketing experience; experience in the online sports betting space a plus
Experience in audience segmentation and targeting
Experience using data and metrics to measure impact and determine improvements
Experience putting together reports and communicating results to senior leadership
You have exceptional verbal and written skills, with the ability to clearly communicate complex data in streamlined summaries & simple charts
You have hands-on experience managing important initiatives with tight deadlines; you are a master of organization
You excel at managing initiatives across multiple stakeholders and can identify solutions that balance the needs of each
You are comfortable in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
You are comfortable using data processing platform such as Q, SPSS, etc...
You have experience with survey platform such as Survey Monkey, Qualtrics, etc...
Above all, you're a team player and love making an impact each day
Passion for sports and sports betting is a plus


What’s in it for you?

We offer our employees more than just competitive compensation. Our team benefits include:

Competitive pay and benefits
Flexible vacation allowance
Remote working
Startup culture backed by a secure, global brand


Roster of Uniques

We care deeply about every interaction our customers have with us, and trust and empower our staff to own and drive their experience. Our vision for our business and customers is built on fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment where regardless of background or beliefs you feel able to be authentic and bring all your talent into play. We want to celebrate you being you (we are an equal opportunities employer)